as the fighting intensifies close to
gaza's jabalia refugee camp civilians
flee
fast among them panicked families their
few possessions packed in plastic
bags in areas like this a large blast's
aftermath blocks out the
sun emergency workers shout for Survivor
but here no
response residents here had been forced
to flee
earlier a building was targeted one
rescuer says but no one was
hurt still the desperate Searchers
struggle on through the
smoke amid the ruins of the alifa
hospital what little Bread's available
is baked with scavenged wood and scraps
of paper
we're civilians we've done nothing wrong
we're not fighting we don't know how to
feed our kids we have no flour nothing
to feed them no food no water this is
not a healthy place to live the kids
have got
sick what was once a medical store room
now a family's new safe room eight young
faces focused on Survival amidst this
militarized
Mayhem
they started to scare us and stripped my
father
[Music]
naked then they forced us out of the
house then we saw the tanks in front of
the
door and they started shooting at
us slightly further south the hospital
that's no Haven but is at least still
open crammed Beyond capacity with
children carried
here their misery more
immediate another chorus of
pain another day in this
war vill marks Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer